Hi there,

I've been somewhat overwhelmed with requests and actually getting units built.
At the moment all PCBs I have built for the cased variety are depleted, but I will be building more PCBs over the coming days.
I have the parts, but they lack a touch of solder in the right places :-)
Please be aware this is part time affair after a day's work and currently this is consuming all my spare time!


An important question for the sale of the early units is does the prospect of reflashing firmware concern you?
There are still some firmware aspects I'm working on, and the web pages still need a fair bit of work. I would hate for units to become stale with old out dated firmware!!
This requires the Arduino environment to be set up for an ESP32, and in cases of dire emergency a USB to serial adapter.
Over The Air programming using WiFi is also available via batch file and a pre-compiled binary which makes this a lot easier for the firmware, but web content presently must be via the Arduino environment.

I have two possibilities:

1/ the controller as you can currently view in the GitLab repo.
This would be supplied as is, without a case, but I have produced a 3D model you can print.
GitLab repo: https://gitlab.com/mrjones.id.au/bluetoothheater/wikis/home

2/ a newer version that is housed in a case.
It also provides a few conditioned I/O expansion lines:
2 digital inputs, 2 digital outputs, 1 analogue input.
The software is still yet to be fully dealt with for this aspect, but you can presently start and stop the heater, and turn outputs on or off upon command.

Pricing:
Option 1:  50AUD + post and handling
Option 2:  75AUD + post and handling

For domestic customers in Australia, P&H is 10AUD
For international customers P&H tends to be around 30-36AUD depending upon which region you reside.

Payment is accepted via PayPal.

Also please confirm your present controller is a digital style. 
Please refer to my wiki at the GitLab repo: https://gitlab.com/mrjones.id.au/bluetoothheater/wikis/home
Another criteria here is what style connector you presently have.
Most have a triangular 3 pin plug, but newer units are coming with a smaller round 3 pin connector.
Please advise.

Option 2 with the case, has a range of colours available.
Black or White case.
Black, Grey, Blue or Green buttons.

Case for Option 1 https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3398068

Rest assured the pricing is purely for the hardware.
The software will always be open source and freely available for upgrades and bug fixes.
And as mentioned, you can expect extra features to appear as time goes on.
An example of things in the todo list are Low Voltage shutdown, and a "de-coke burn" which will be full power, but a touch leaner than usual.
I'm also yet to explore a 433MHz Receive option using the garage style remote controls.

Thanks again for your interest
Cheers, Ray