Hi there,

An important question for the sale of the early units is does the prospect of re-flashing firmware concern you?
There are still some firmware aspects I'm working on, and the web pages do still need a fair bit of work. 
I would hate for units to become stale with old out dated firmware!!

In extreme cases this may require the Arduino environment to be set up for an ESP32, and a USB to serial adapter.
The most recent firmware though now has the ability to be readily updated via web browser, or indeed directly from my web server if connected to a wifi network when new firmware is released (only upon user authorisation).
At an intermediate level, Over The Air programming using WiFi is also available via batch file and a pre-compiled binary which is also quite straight forward.
Web page content can be updated via the web browser interface, or the Arduino environment.

For the unit itself I have two possibilities:

1/ the Mk1 controller as you can currently view in the GitLab repo: https://gitlab.com/mrjones.id.au/bluetoothheater/wikis/home
This would be supplied as is, without a case, but I have produced a 3D model you can print: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3398068

2/ a newer Mk2 version that is housed in a case.
It also provides a few conditioned I/O expansion lines:
2 digital inputs, 2 digital outputs, 1 analogue input.
The software is still yet to be fully dealt with for this aspect, but you can presently start and stop the heater, and turn outputs on or off upon command.

Please visit my webpage http://www.mrjones.id.au/afterburner for examples of the unit in a case, and the full capabilities of the unit.
There you can also find the user manual. 

Pricing:
Option 1:  50AUD + post and handling
Option 2:  75AUD + post and handling

For domestic customers in Australia, P&H is 10AUD
For international customers P&H tends to be around 30-36AUD depending upon which region you reside.

Payment is accepted via PayPal.

Also please confirm your present controller is a digital style. 
Please refer to my wiki at the GitLab repo: https://gitlab.com/mrjones.id.au/bluetoothheater/wikis/home or the user manual from my website.

Another important criteria here is what style connector you presently have.
Most have a triangular 3 pin plug, but newer units are coming with a smaller round 3 pin connector.
Please advise, i will supply the appropriate style connector with the unit.

Option 2 with the case, has a range of colours available.
Black or White case.
Black, Grey, Blue or Green buttons.

Please note there is typically a week delay as I do this in my "spare time" and demand can be high at times.
                                                                                                            
Rest assured the pricing is purely for the hardware and my time to build.
The software will always be open source and freely available for upgrades and bug fixes.
And as mentioned, you can expect extra features to appear as time goes on.
An example of things in the todo list are Low Voltage shutdown, and a "de-coke burn" which will be full power, but a touch leaner than usual.
I'm also yet to explore a 433MHz Receive option using the garage style remote controls.

Thanks again for your interest
Cheers, Ray

